# My_Code_Script_Samples
This repository contains some examples/samples of Python, Matlab, Fortran, IDL, NCL and Ferret code/scripts (in PDF, 
Microsoft Word, and text file format) I have written in the course of various projects described in my 
resume/CV and in my LinkedIn profile (http://www.linkedin.com/in/markyashar), along with some output plots (data 
visualization) and output text files. Below I list the name of each program file that I have included followed by a summary 
or outline of many of the main functions carried out by the code/scripts. 


orbits.f.pdf:  ##For the final project of a graduate computational physics course
taught by Professor John Rundle at U.C. Davis I wrote this Fortran 77
program, which computed a closed orbital ellipse of an extrasolar planet
orbiting a single star using data input by the user. The program
queried the user to enter various orbital and physical parameters of
the planet-star system and used the data to calculate the observed
effective equilibrium blackbody temperature of the extrasolar planet
for a given orbital phase. The program also calculated the
planet-to-star flux ratios at given orbital phases.

orbits.f: The Fortran text file version of orbits.f.pdf

plots_orbits.pro.pdf: I wrote this IDL program to create various plots for the
data generated in the orbits.f program described above. The plots generated are:
orbital speed vs. orbital phase of extrasolar planet. Temperature of extrasolar planet vs. orbital phase, and planet to star flux ratios vs. planetary orbital phase at wavelengths of 0.5 microns, 1 micron, 3 microns, and 10 microns. (See comment lines for further details).


AK_mc_dr_beam_sigma1_Na1000_rho4.py.docx (Microsoft Word Document): This is an example of python code/script that I wrote and utilized to run monte carlo simulations to test and compare dynamic range expressions for different beam-width errors (in the case of this particular script), pointing errors, and amplitude and phase errors for different numbers of array antennas in connection with my SKA work at the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign.

AK_mc_dr_beam_sigma1_Na1000_rho4.py: This is the Python text file version of AK_mc_dr_beam_sigma1_Na1000_rho4.py.docx.

AK_beam_Na1000_sigma0.1_fract0.9.txt: This is an example output file generated by AK_mc_dr_beam_sigma1_Na1000_rho4.py.

WRF_VPRM_ACRR_veg_frac_map_d01.jnl.pdf: I wrote this Ferret script to produce vegetation fraction contour maps using data from NETCDF files in connection with work I did in Professor Inez Fung's group at UC Berkeley,

wrf_print_hourly_avg_feb5-27_2006_SF_CO2_BIO_d01.ncl.pdf:  This is an example of an NCAR Command Language (NCL) script that I wrote which reads CO2 concentration data values from a NETCDF file (which is the final output of a WRF-Chem simulation run), computes the average of CO2 concentrations for each hour of the day during February 5-27, 2006, and then prints out the results, which are then plotted (as time-series plots) externally by a separate python script.

read_plot_hourly_avg_nov19-29_2009_ascii_d01.py.pdf:  This is an example of a python script that I wrote which reads data from a text file and creates a formatted time-series plot of CO2 concentrations from this data, and saves the plot to a *.png file. Examples of the corresponding *.png files that were generated
are:
CO2_ANTHRO_TOTAL_nov4-14_2009_SLC_d02_hourly_mean.png:  This is an example of a time series scatter plot of Anthropogenic CO2 concentrations from WRF-Chem simulation results that I generated with a Python script. The plot shows the (mean hourly) time series for each hour of the day averaged over the time period November 4-14, 2009. It is the result of a WRF-Chem simulation using EDGAR CO2 anthropogenic source flux data (forcing/boundary conditions) for a domain over the Salt Lake City area, Utah. The time-series was taken for a single point over SLC.

CO2_ANTHRO_feb5-27_2006_SF_k0-4_d02_hourly_mean.png:  This is an example of a time series plot of Anthropogenic CO2 concentrations from WRF-Chem simulation results that I generated with a Python script. The plot shows the (mean hourly) time series for each hour of the day averaged over the time period Feb 5-27, 2006 for different vertical levels. It is the result of a WRF-Chem simulation using EDGAR CO2 anthropogenic source flux data (forcing/boundary conditions) for a domain over San Fran., CA. The time-series was taken for a single point over SF.


------------------------


* As part of a Data Analysis Challenge for an undisclosed company, I wrote and utilized some python scripts to address the following challenge:

Challenge description:
As part of a GPS testing experiment, we drove a car onto which we had installed 2 GPS devices (at 2 slightly different heights). We obtained 2 streams of data stored in the file to download. These data include the actual coordinates of the car and a few other parameters. These 2 timestamped streams are consistent with each other for the most part, but we want to deal only with one. Note that altitude is not an important focus of this study, and that missing data are represented by empty fields.
 
The goal of this challenge is:
       to create a single stream out of the 2 available here
       to provide an indicator for how each point was computed

I copied and pasted the python scripts, along with example output and input in the attached Microsoft document Company_X_Data_Analysis_Challenge.docx
I've also attached some of the text file python scripts separately (for your convenience) and some of the corresponding 
output plots that were produced:

Aclima_GPS_Streams_rm_00.py

Aclima_GPS_Streams_rm_lines.py

Aclima_GPS_Streams_script.py

plot_GPS_Streams_final_output.py

Aclima_GPS_Streams_intermediate.py

GPS_heading_lat.pdf

GPS_lat_lon.pdf

GPS_lon_lat.pdf
